Add Solr Replication documentation (#524)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/solr.md

##### Solr 6

> Download and extract Solr. Solr Bundle 1.3 and higher supports Solr 6 *(currently tested & recommended with Solr 6.6LTS)*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and extract Solr. Solr Bundle 1.3 and higher supports Solr 6 *(currently tested and recommended with Solr 6.6LTS)*:
```

         See here for details: http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrHttpCompression
         If it is 'internal' everything will be taken care of automatically.
         USE THIS ONLY IF YOUR BANDWIDTH IS LOW.
         THIS CAN ACTUALLY SLOWDOWN REPLICATION IN A LAN -->
    <str name="compression">internal</str>

    <!-- The following values are used when the slave connects to the master to
         download the index files.  Default values implicitly set as 5000ms and
         10000ms respectively. The user DOES NOT need to specify these unless the
         bandwidth is extremely low or if there is an extremely high latency -->
    <str name="httpConnTimeout">5000</str>
    <str name="httpReadTimeout">10000</str>

    <!-- If HTTP Basic authentication is enabled on the master, then the slave
         can be configured with the following -->
    <str name="httpBasicAuthUser">username</str>
    <str name="httpBasicAuthPassword">password</str>
  </lst>
</requestHandler>
```

Next, restart Solr slave.

Connect to the Solr slave interface (http://localhost:8983/solr), go to your core and check the replication status:

> ![Solr Slave](C:\projects\developer-documentation\docs\guide\img\solr.PNG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Solr Slave](img/solr.PNG)
```

    tags:
        - {name: ezpublish.search.solr.field_mapper.content}
```

## Configuring Solr Replication (master/slave)

!!! note

>     The configuration bellow has been tested on Solr 6.5.5. Version 4.x should works also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The configuration below has been tested on Solr 6.5.5. Version 4.x should also work.
```

### Configuring Master for replication

> First you need to change the core configuration in `solrconfig.xml` (for example */opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you need to change the core configuration in `solrconfig.xml` (for example `*/opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml`).
```

    tags:
        - {name: ezpublish.search.solr.field_mapper.content}
```

## Configuring Solr Replication (master/slave)

!!! note

> ``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The configuration bellow has been tested on Solr 6.5.5. Version 4.x should works also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The configuration bellow has been tested on Solr 6.5.5. Version 4.x should works also.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Configuring Master for replication

> First we need to change the core configuration in *solrconfig.xml*  ( By example */opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml ). You could copy and paste the code below before any other **requestHandler** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you need to change the core configuration in `solrconfig.xml` (for example */opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml ).
You can copy and paste the code below before any other `requestHandler` section.
```

> First we need to change the core configuration in *solrconfig.xml*  ( By example */opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml ). You could copy and paste the code bellow before any other **requestHandler** section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First we need to change the core configuration in *solrconfig.xml*  ( By example */opt/solr/server/ez/collection1/conf/solrconfig.xml ). You could copy and paste the code below before any other **requestHandler** section.
```

```xml
<requestHandler name="/replication" class="solr.ReplicationHandler">
  <lst name="master">
    <str name="replicateAfter">optimize</str>
    <str name="backupAfter">optimize</str>
    <str name="confFiles">schema.xml,stopwords.txt,elevate.xml</str>
    <str name="commitReserveDuration">00:00:10</str>
  </lst>
  <int name="maxNumberOfBackups">2</int>
  <lst name="invariants">
    <str name="maxWriteMBPerSec">16</str>
  </lst>
</requestHandler>
<str name="confFiles">solrconfig_slave.xml:solrconfig.xml,x.xml,y.xml</str>
```

> And restart the master via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then restart the master with:
```

```bash
sudo su - solr -c "/opt/solr/bin/solr restart"
```

### Configuring Slave for replication

> You have to edit the same file on the slave server, and put the code below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to edit the same file on the slave server, and use the code below:
```

> You have to edit the same file on the slave server, and put the code bellow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have to edit the same file on the slave server, and put the code below:
```
;)

         values are internal|external.  If the value is 'external' make sure
         that your master Solr has the settings to honor the accept-encoding header.
         See here for details: http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrHttpCompression
         If it is 'internal' everything will be taken care of automatically.
         USE THIS ONLY IF YOUR BANDWIDTH IS LOW.
         THIS CAN ACTUALLY SLOWDOWN REPLICATION IN A LAN -->
    <str name="compression">internal</str>

    <!-- The following values are used when the slave connects to the master to
         download the index files.  Default values implicitly set as 5000ms and
         10000ms respectively. The user DOES NOT need to specify these unless the
         bandwidth is extremely low or if there is an extremely high latency -->
    <str name="httpConnTimeout">5000</str>
    <str name="httpReadTimeout">10000</str>

    <!-- If HTTP Basic authentication is enabled on the master, then the slave
         can be configured with the following -->
    <str name="httpBasicAuthUser">username</str>
    <str name="httpBasicAuthPassword">password</str>
  </lst>
</requestHandler>
```

> And restart Solr slave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, restart Solr slave.
```
